ExecutorService - Java 5

High level concurrency framework
    Thread Management
    Task Handling

Provides simple interface for Developers to use this without writing much about Thread by ourself.

ExecutorService - does thread pooling. It tries to reuse the threads created.

Task -> SubTask
    Virtual Thread is cheap
    A task can be divided into multiple smaller subtasks

Executor - Is a functional interface.
ExecutorService - Is an interface which extends Executor
Executors - Is an utility class with factory methods to create an instance of executorServiceImpl

Virtual Threads
        Tasks
        Virtual Thread is intended to be created on demand and discard once the task is done.
    Then what is the user of executorServie with Virtual Threads?
        Thread per task creation management.

Executor Service
    Type                Description
    Fixed Thread Pool           A thread pool with dedicated number of threads. A web app with 200 threads
    Single Thread executor      Same as above. A thread pool with single worker thread.
                                to execute tasks sequentially.
    Cached Thread pool          Elastic thread pool. Create new thread on demand. Reuse existing thread if
                                available. Idle thread life time is 1 min.
                                Use when unpredictable work load
    Scheduled Thread pool       Thread pool which can be used to run tasks at regular interval.
                                Yse when call a remote service every minute.
    Thread per task executor    Creates new thread per task on demand (Java 21)


Except last one -> Others use queue mechanism when you submit executor service.
The last one -> whenever there is a task, Virtual thread created and executed by carrier thread.


Executor Servies - When you start, It keeps running.
You have to shut Down - After shut down, you can't execute Task. It will wait for existing task to complete.
What is Shut Down now - It exit immediate without waiting.

If you use try with resources - It will add shut down automatically.
for web application - We dont have use this as it is open through out the application.


Single Thread Executor (Platform thread) -> Tasks will be planned one by one by single thread. Could be helpful for machine critical task.

Fixed Thread Pool(Platform thread) -> Thread Pool is 5, 5 will be starting at one time then it willl be taking another thread when ending.

Cached thread Pool (Platform thread) -> Depends on Task it creates the Thread.

New Virtual Thread Executor (Creates Virtual thread) -> Creates virtual thread based on the task.

Scheduled Thread pool (Platform thread) -> Making a scheduler call.






