Thread - Unit of scheduling, concurrent

Application through put - Tomcat server spring boot capable of handling 200 request. Meaning if a thread
takes 1sec to execute, it can execute 200 threads in 1sec (process 200 req).

Increasing app through put then increasing thread should be considered.

There are OS threads, expensive. Virtual threads are not OS threads not expensive.

Deep Dive into virtual threads :-

Process - A instance of computer program, it includes code, resources (OS like memory, socket etc)..
heavy weight
(expensive to create, destruct)

Thread - Part of process
    A process can container one or more threads
    Threads within process can share the memory space

Process unit of resources. Thread is unit of execution.

Modern processor come with multiple core, each is a CPU processor.

Scheduler - Assigns a thread to CPU, Assigns how much time to execute.

When there are multiple process, each process has multiple threads, each threads waiting for scheduler
to assigned with CPU, this scheduler makes context switching between threads and processor.

When switching thread, the thread which is already executing has to wait and store its state

These threads are called OS threads or Kernel threads

Java thread was introduced -> 25 years ago
Java thread = OS thread - OS thread is unit of scheduling, wrapper around OS thread.
When thread execute and scheduler switches context we need the state of thread to be stored i.e stack memory
Heap vs Stack - Heap memory is something stores List, ArrayList etc
Stack Memory has its own stack memory
It is allocating memory before 1mb

What is the problem?
    If there is a multiple calls to other services - Then a thread waits for I/O thread.

Virtual threads are not OS thread
Java thread (Platform thread)
IO using Thread.sleep, to simulate slow calls we should we Thread.sleep
Creating millions of thread not possible
OS doesn't allow to execute

Daemon Thread - Background thread, Application doesn't wait,  Cound down latch to wait when background
threads are down.

